and we have some things for you here's
some great video ideas that we and at
the end of this video you could comment
video isn't that great it's it's
something everyone gets okay you can do
a LPS Awards yeah I'll pay swords where
they actually take a little punch of
scissors lie Bevers I know it's a
raccoon but I don't have a viewer so
yeah and people pick who they like like
Lady Gaga there mmm
how about her just taking random people
they're examples and you know they can
go around and say okay next thing is how
about a carnival yeah like you go to the
carnival or something
and they get tickets and all this fun
stuff
how about just a regular family just
family of LVS talk about their likes
dislikes it make it like it a big comedy
like full house Everybody Hates Chris
and George Lopez make it really fun okay
next thing is you can make oh one the
honest thing is a music video one of the
things that you see a lot today we'll
just pick like not one of the newest
songs pick an old song you would know
you know one of your favorite so
you haven't heard on the radio for and
you check out and see if anybody had if
anybody else
music/song okay next video idea is a
runaway yes a runaway just a kid running
away from home maybe another friend of
his and like they grind away to a
special place mister film like being in
their families injustice that their
family like are treating them badly so I
treating him the way they don't want it
to be so yeah then you can make a little
comedy thing or like an art thing yeah
like you make your own little things and
people have to figure stuff out like or
I could game show ya here like this okay
what you need to do is get a pen
get people to find know this number is
okay some people here I'll tell you know
there is a special number that you can
find only by looking in the mirror
you'll find it right here Pepsi
right there anywhere you see the word
Pepsi you look in the mirror and they
you'll find enough I forget that number
right now but yeah you can figure it out
for you good Pepsi came yourself so
those are some of our video ideas you
can take them we really don't care and
tell us your video ideas video is you
don't care that people other people know
or maybe a video you already made just
tell people about that idea then you
could tell people about other videos
that you're thinking of the needing some
people way to help you you never know
I'm really running say help but you know
give you some ideas for your videos I
mean okay so this is the end of our
video catch catch you later oh by the
way check out our first video that first
video it is NCIS it was PET SHOP just go
to our page not the room skip things
yeah those are kind of mess ups unless
you wanna really watch it go to any is
LPS episode 1 it's really good we made
it off of Windows Movie Maker you could
take the idea we really don't care but
like we all doesn't have anything to
deal with NCIS yet but like this is just
the first video so it's really good so I
hope you check it out thanks bye